How to use?
1) Press 'space' to enter game from attract mode.
2) Press 'space' to shoot.
3) W,A,S,D or joystick to move player.
4) 'Esc' to pause. Again to go to attract mode. Again to exit application or 'Q' to exit altogether.
5) All debug render keys are acc to document.


Known Issues
1) There is only entity of each kind(document specified the number of entities).
2) The AABB drawn in pause mode is not proper.
3) No debug render for 'noClip' and 'godMode'. Its there in the code but not working. There are themselves working but debug for them is not.
 
Deep Learning

The first thing I implemented when I started this project was making the maps and tiles. In starship, 'game' was handling all the entity management.
But here we took a different approach, 'game' owned map which owned tiles and entities etc. So this approach was new and interesting to me as I learned new ways to manage the game.
 Then I tried to implement the functionality for playerTanks. Here we did not use the 'starship' way. Here we used 'std::vector' to draw and initialize vertices. First problem was getting used to this way of rendering.
Then we added textures to our engine and binded them to our entities. Because of lack of knowledge, I had unintenionally created a memory leak as I forgot to null a texture. Debugging that with my lead gave me a useful insight on hwo to look for bugs like these.
Next thing I added was TileDefinitions. Before we were just using enums. Here, I learned of something called a 'factory' function where we assigned properties to each tile like uv's, isSolid, tint etc. This was fairly diffcult for me as I had to ask for help from the GA's as I had created bugs when I added these to tiles. 
Next, I added some modules for the engine like spriteAnimation, Bitmap font support, SpriteDefinitions and more. I had problems in visualising these but I got through with the help of something which my lead keeps telling us to develop,"Drawing your problem on a paper or a board".
Now we had so many entities and according to the document we had to use different lists for their management. Things became quite chaotic after that as I was not managing my lists properly. Adding to some other list, deleting from some other. My lead helped me to solve all of these. Everytime I ask my lead, the GA's or my peers something, I learn a new and a fresh way to approach my problems.
Throughtout the semester we have changed our ways of doing things. I learned to adapt to the new paradigm everytime. At one point, I had given up hope. I was stuck and not able to progress any further.
I am still in the process of learning how not to panic and not get disheartened if there is no progress. I am getting better at managing my time and I thank my lead for that.
 I have learned a lot during this semester but coudnt perform to the level I could have. This was just a taste of what is about to come and now I will be better prepared for it.
